Mom.
You are the strongest.
Do you look like him?
I said I wanted to be with my mother for the rest of my life.
If there is a next life
She's still my daughter.
Okay.
The baby is about to be buried.
Why hasn't the payment arrived yet?
I heard that you paid a couple more, and this is already out of the question.
Animals
My daughter's funeral didn't come.
That's outrageous.
Child, I will immediately find someone to arrest him, by the way, deal with that kind of dancer.
Coming?
Is the Vice President back yet?
You can't come back a little late.
And you let me check this out.
She is the most suitable woman for Chu Binh An.
That year the Zhou family's wife was all from the people onwards.
My uncle saved him.
Now hide in the small town of Sung Chau to hide the daughter of the criminal.
This is the great crime of the Zhujiu tribe.
If you know.
Does he want to kill our entire family?
Why arrest criminals?
I want Fo Huai An and Chu Nhien to die peacefully.
Right.
What's going on? What's going on?
Are you blaming me?
If it wasn't for me and the Army...
Maybe you can save him.
What does it have to do with you?
It's all my fault.
The army is done.
You can give him the medicine later.
I'll be back first.
Okay, you go back, don't be late, go to An An's funeral.
No, I don't want you to leave.
I want my uncle to give me medicine.
Oh, son.
The deputy had to go to see An An for the last time.
The liar must have cheated on you.
Surely it is, no way.
If you don't ask me, I don't drink.
It's okay.
I'll come in, finish my meds and go home.
You're welcome.
Deputy Hoai An Chu Nhien
I want you to give your life to An An.